---
title: "Utopia with Technology"
date: "2024-07-18"
---

At the time of writing this, I'm at a temporary stay at Oak Park, IL. Oak Park is probably one of the most beautiful suburbs I've ever walked around. It's quiet, spacious, and there is this one street full of local restaurants with tasty stuff. You can also tour a set of houses designed by one of the most respected architects, Frank Lloyd Wright. Best yet, it's incredibly safe. Sometimes, I would walk around the neighborhood late at night or just before sunrise. And, when a light drizzle meets the town, I enjoy listenning to the rain on a public bench underneath a tree. I know, it's one of those places I'll be thinking about long after I leave for Chicago.

Another place I absolutely loved staying at was Cambridge, MA. Cambridge is the sweet spot between the city and the suburbs. You got great places to eat, a library, and a couple of thrift shops all within walking distance. When I was there, I used to run around the field at night and when I got tired I would sit and observe the stars modulating on a live black canvas sky. If someone told me I'd be banished to Cambridge for eternity, they're probably rewarding me for something.

I've lived in a lot of places during my time in the United States. So, I don't really feel like I have a home to settle in (not even where I grew up). When I reflect on the previous places I lived, a common thing I ask myself is what my utopia looks like. And, I enjoy thinking about the role of technology in this utopia. So here, it goes. The utopia I'm thinking of is definitely not like the things we see in science fiction like Wall-E, Star Wars, Futurama, etc. Instead, it's a little like the suburbs I mentioned above.

Technology is pretty hard to live wtih. It's like a chaotic child with ADHD going through puberty. They're such powerful tools that are changing all the time. And this change is super overwhelming and tiring to think about. When your in the city, you're constantly reminded of it: company headquarters, products, advertisements, etc. In the suburbs, although there is still some amount of chaos, it's slightly mitigated with parks, empty land, and wide streets. You're reminded of it a little less. It may give you a chance to take a breather and think about yourself for a minute.

To dive a little deeper into a specific concern I have, the amount of constant change means you have to keep up with it. But, unless you're an absolute robot, no one can keep up with all those changes happening around them. That's why boomers hate all these "darn phones". They have to learn to prioritize certain things over others. But, think about it, you're trying to pour yourself a glass of water from an infinitely blasting firehose, will you ever have the time to drink the glass?

To me, places like Cambridge and Oak Park meet a very healthy medium. Because they're not rural and out of the scene, but they're just far enough so that I can still breathe.
